+--------+
| README |
+--------+

This module contains all configuration for EBI deployments of ZOOMA.

Building this module with a relevant maven profile creates a deployment artifact that you can install in the ZOOMA_HOME
directory for the chosen environment.  You should not declare a dependency on this module; doing so will have no useful
effects.

Configuration sets are arranged as follows:
 - src
  \- builder    : Contains configuration files required in build-ONLY environments.  No server or client config will be included
  \- searcher   : Contains config files that are required when deploying ONLY the ZOOMA searcher application.  No server or build config will be included
  \- server     : Contains config for server-ONLY environments. No client or builder config will be included
  \- main       : Contains all config required by the default ZOOMA installation for a given environment.  This is the default; server-only (for example) installations may also be available

Under each top level directory that contains the type of deployment, there is a structure containing environment
specific config files, for example:

 - src
  \- main
    \- config
      \- www     : Configuration files for deploying a full, standard ZOOMA installation to the "www" environment
      \- wwwdev  : Config for deploying a standard ZOOMA installation to the "wwwdev" environment
      \- local   : Config for deploying ZOOMA to a local environment - assumes tomcat running on port 8080

When building, you can use the following options to customize your configuration build to be suitable to your environment

-Dzooma.deployment.type  :
    The type of deployment for Zooma.  One of "main", "server", "searcher" or "builder".
    Main includes configuration for an entire Zooma installation, server includes only files required to run a Zooma instance,
    searcher includes only the configuration required to run a command line search client, and builder only includes the configuration needed to build indexes
-Dzooma.deployment.env
    The Zooma instance to "point at".  One of local, dev, wwwdev or www.  Local assumes a localhost install of Zooma,
    dev refers to a development instance and wwwdev and www the "test" and "production" instances accordingly.  Not all deployment types are available for all environments.